after i posted the video like
turn off unnecessary applications
android
4 0 length droid 4 1
some people
asked me to tell you more tom
how to remove system sentences
Well, I'll start with the fact that
to remove system applications
we will surely demand a rub
if you turn off unnecessary applications
we can without a friend
that is, you can't do without it
on your smartphone already hold rub rights
we still need applications titanium
until
thereafter
we go press the backup button
copies
and see here
all applications are installed
but our smartphone
red marked
those that the system
the ones we want to delete
let's get a look
which application
you can delete here for example
we will do this procedure by example
hour applications he
The application is getting out of me
here there is a convert to
favor custom
attachment
and also probably should be removed
for removing
short enough yes
really
As you can see
there is a button
the application itself
also remove dan
press the delete button
he says we don't have a backup
by the way delete
afk systems and applications need
very consciously that is
You should know what applications you can
delete
and which
players can not be so
this removal will begin problems
I deleted the application typo
now sane
there is no smartphone
you can also
at first
convert system application
uses
these
conflict area
what systems
these terms I press the convert button
in user application
I understand what's going on
copying
this application
this purchase of houses is usually set
sentences as we see now
attachment
the robot are not red marked
white as usual applications
after that it can be removed
even the application menu
but this is for ships
the position has been removed from the smartphone
as you see nothing complicated about it
only 5 same again
before deleting
you should know what can be removed and what
can't
also if in doubt stock
first do the same katanin bye
there
backup copies of all system applications
and then selectively delete
which you see fit
if suddenly somewhere wrong
bulls recovered
nothing complicated 5 h
Thank you for your attention so far.